so I feel that my priorities of changes I've progressed as a leader in
the fact that the the higher you move up in leadership the less and
less your priority should be about your own self interest you know
so early on when I was eight three E. four yes I did understand the
bigger picture and working towards a common goal for the entire platoon
the command in the navy as a whole but also is still very concerned
about my own personal professional development and growth you know
can I get on this school can I make this trip can I go to this deployment
can I get you know get to this next commander get station here
is very you know self centric working for myself and and the benefits
of my family as you move up in leadership and as I moved up in
leadership you know you no longer are supposed to be kind of really
worried about yourself but you need to really start taking care of
the folks that you're leading and and then doing good by them and and
trying to progress their careers and improving their personal and
for and professional development so as you move up in your leadership
role you need to become more selfless than you were before and really
focus on the folks at your leading and and making them the best
that they can be because in the long run if your people are doing well
then you yourself are gonna be noticed and looked upon you're going
to do well in the end